Welcome back my students in this new section I'm going to show you how to make pretty Your else how
to take this ugly BHB extension inquiry string and make something like this see Boll's 1:13 that looks
a lot nicer.
And we can even go here.
We don't have that ugly that BHP standing at the end even though some users would not notice it.
OK what is actually a lot better to have something like that.
Right.
So I'm going to show you how to do that.
Now how are we going to do this.
Well we're going to be using regular expressions.
We're going to be mapping this to that that BHB one.
Now I'm not going to be creating 100 lectures about it.
OK.
Just a couple lectures enough to give you an idea how this is done.
And just to show you by doing a couple example how it's done now I understand that some of you do not
know regular expression that's OK but I think every developer out there should know regular expressions.
I want you guys to know regular expressions if you don't.
I created a course that's super easy to understand and I'm going to give you a coupon right here.
School Ratchet's Oprah case high Fintain and 10.
This is going to allow you to take the regular expression course for 10 bucks.
OK.
And this is just because you are my student that courses over a hundred bucks I believe right now and
you can just take it for 10 bucks.
Again this is just in case you want to understand how this precious work which I recommend.
OK.
You're going to need regular expressions one way or the other in your program in Korea Miles.
Well you learn it and learn from your instructor right.
So thank you so much for watching.
I hope that by me adding value to the scores you gave a good rating because he helped me get motivated
to keep making more lectures for this course and it gets me motivated to keep making more lectures from
all the courses even making more courses.
I always look at my feedback and always look at how students are commenting about my course and about
myself.
And I always try to improve and I appreciate those students out there who are super loyal to my courses
they give me motivation everyday and it just wakes me up.
Thank you.
And I'll see you in the next lectures.